all right this one's from totally
fingerboard just nothing special all I
could afford was some bushing so yeah
but I thought it in box it anyways
because i haven't unboxed anything from
forward in a long time so yeah put some
boxes bad boy i heard i had like four
bucks on paypal and i try to figure i
try to buy some tape but um oh i just
broke my pen that's what i get for not
using my knife wow he's too awful i
asked him for tape if i could get
something I'll have to send any because
that's what I really want it but I
couldn't afford it with my discount so
let's see Oh what oh no way oh my bad
mother oh my god thank you Jim dang I
didn't ask for these he sent me trucks
and bearings were wheels I mean little
bit i'm so excited kidding her freaking
talk right he sent me some promo trucks
with free bearing wheels wow they're so
sick oh they were talking about having
an arm you said on the site in fact go
to the site right now you guys cuz if
you guys by any type of trucks that I
think it's our HP's they're all on sale
right now oh I definitely have tuned and
everything he was talking about how they
got like a new manufacturer for trucks
these trucks are completely different
from the old froa trucks these are the
old pro trucks
and they did when they used to get them
they did not come with like bushings
they would come with like tech deck
bushings you had to buy the bushing
separate look at these ones you guys it
doesn't have that line all those are so
sick it was like that is sick thank you
so much I throws on getting bushings
compared to the other ones here's the
other ones see the light there see that
line those are old pro trucks and these
ones dead they look so freakin nice and
they came tuned that is sick and he
holds it up with bearing wheels oh man
I'm so happy right now I did not expect
that that there's the wheel these are
the basics I think they're to be six I
don't know if I'm wrong let me know whoa
that's sick oh my god thank you so much
i can't wait to try this oh my god i
need a truck so bad and you don't even
under you don't even know i didn't suck
so bad yeah here they are I got to
bushing kits because i figured if i ever
bought any trick shots that i would need
some bushing so i went ahead just bought
some bushing so yeah that's what's over
Oh what there's more what there's one oh
my god you made all these stickers I did
not order these all I ordered was
bushings oh my Oh what day it was
nothing else in there oh and a free oh I
made it safe so bad thank you so much
once again twenty nine millimeter
classic and I'll still read the classics
oh my god I said thank you so much i
needed a pro would so bad now i can make
pro with means again i can make ads for
pro it now this is why do you throw a
deck you guys all these decks are so
sick thank you so much look at the
countersunk holes it is i don't think
it's one with the new kicks cuz the new
pics are longer but I heck I'll take it
man thank you so much oh my god gave me
a whole freakin set up for free with
bearing wheels oh my god all these
stickers for free that is sick thank you
so much he says it's classic but it
looks like an extreme while most dogs I
don't care man it's a pro a deck you
guys don't understand I've charged so
many brands of decks and freakin pro is
oh my god I can skate unreal with pro
woods you guys look at the lack of drive
on that wow I can land every freakin
trick with a pro a deck on in fact after
sorry about that guys my freaking
battery died but yeah seriously thank
you so much as I was saying Jim thank
you so so so so so much from the bottom
of my heart I can't believe it these new
frickin sharks are so sick oh my god I
love it that they don't have that little
line in it just looks so professional I
cannot believe that
and they're freaking tuned what you guys
see you guys soon to get approved for
your boards in fact right now all of the
trucks are forty percent off so I think
like regular trucks are likes I think
i'm not sure i think there's 699 and I
think the HP's right now or 11 99 and
the HP's do come with on bearing wheels
I think from the last time I checked she
guys seriously need to go hit approach
bigger boys right now oh man thank you
thank you thank you from the bottom of
my heart thank you so much I cannot wait
to start making fingerboard videos again
and like I was saying you know out of
all the boys all the brands I've tried
man my heart's were throw it it will
always be with poet they'll always be a
pro at deck in my collection because I
just scape my best with rollers XO huge
thank you Jim thank y'all suicided thank
you thank you thank you so much alright
guys peace